Support request handler from closure factory (#108)
yiisoft/middleware-dispatcher: CHANGELOG.md

- Enh #95: Raise minimum PHP version to `^8.1` and make all possible properties readonly (@xepozz)
- Chg #106: Change PHP constraint in `composer.json` to `8.1 - 8.4` (@vjik)
- Enh #106: Mark `MiddlewareStack::$fallbackHandler` readonly (@vjik)

> - Enh #108: Add support for closures that returns `Psr\Http\Server\RequestHandlerInterface` (@rustamwin)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #108: Support callable that returns `Psr\Http\Server\RequestHandlerInterface` as middleware definition (@rustamwin)
```
